Another sea
I'm a man of my word.
I'm going to talk to you.
Come on, come on.
Yes, I will.
You're...
Yes, it's me.
You're not going to change?
I'm not going to change.
You're going to move?
Yes, yes.
I'm going to do something.
I'm going to take you to the village of Shinkiri.
The village of Shinkiri is nice.
That's the village of Kiyomatsu Monzai.
Yes, yes.
It's a village of Shinkiri from the beginning to the end.
It's a village of Shinkiri.
What kind of village is it?
The village of Ashton is beautiful.
It's beautiful.
What?
Isn't the village different from Ashton?
It's beautiful.
You're thinking too much.
What's wrong with you?
The number of shiitake mushrooms is increasing.
What?
What's the matter with the 16 shiitake mushrooms?
I can't remember a lot of them.
I can't remember.
That's okay.
You're not funny.
You want me to come to your house
and let you wife play?
Don't forget me!
Not now.
Why don't you even get married?
Now,
how dare you!
If two marks were to break,
it would make your mindх
very confused!
When you're with women,
I won't ignore them.
Calculate how far you can go.
That's too masala.
Golden
I want to marry you.
You want to marry me?
I'm a married man.
I think I'm a married man.
I'm a rich man.
I'll do it.
I didn't see it.